docs: add config file (#2256)
ipfs/js-ipfs: config.md

# The js-ipfs config file

The js-ipfs config file is a JSON document, which is located in a repository
(by default located at ~/.jsipfs/config), where the repository location may be
changed according to the value of the $IPFS_PATH environment variable.
It is read once at node instantiation, either for an offline command, or when
starting the daemon. Commands that execute on a running daemon do not read the
config file at runtime.

> 

Reviewer: I'd suggest rephrasing this a little to make clear the distinction between the repo and the config file, eg:
`The js-ipfs config file is a JSON document located in the root directory of the js-ipfs repository (by default the js-ipfs repository is located at `~/.jsipfs` and the config file is at `~/jsipfs/config`). The repository location may be changed with the `$IPFS_PATH` environment variable. The config file is read once when the js-ipfs daemon is started, or each time a command is executed in offline mode. Commands that execute on a running daemon do not read the config file at runtime.`

Author: Should we also make a distinction for the config file inside the browser? I am trying to avoid getting really complex in the introduction part.

Reviewer: Oh hmm that's true. I guess this isn't really about the ipfs repo per se, it's more about the config file itself. Maybe better to just talk about the config file to keep it simple, something like:
`The js-ipfs config file is a JSON document located in the root directory of the js-ipfs repository`

Author: Agreed! Just put it like that

## Table of Contents

- [`Addresses`](#addresses)
- [`Bootstrap`](#bootstrap)
- [`Datastore`](#datastore)
- [`Discovery`](#discovery)
- [`Identity`](#identity)
- [`Swarm`](#swarm)

## `Addresses`
Contains information about various listener addresses to be used by this node.

- `API`

> Multiaddr describing the address to serve the local HTTP API on.

Reviewer: I suggest adding one sentence to each of the Addresses (API, Gateway, etc) explaining what it is. eg what is the HTTP API? (like you did for Bootstrap)

storage system.

- `Spec`
Spec defines the structure of the ipfs datastore. It is a composable structure, where each datastore is represented by a json object. Datastores can wrap other datastores to provide extra functionality (eg metrics, logging, or caching).

This can be changed manually, however, if you make any changes that require a different on-disk structure, you will need to run the [ipfs-ds-convert tool](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-ds-convert) to migrate data into the new structures.

For more information on possible values for this configuration option, see docs/datastores.md

Default:
```
{
  "mounts": [
	{
	  "child": {
		"path": "blocks",
		"shardFunc": "/repo/flatfs/shard/v1/next-to-last/2",
		"sync": true,
		"type": "flatfs"
	  },
	  "mountpoint": "/blocks",
	  "prefix": "flatfs.datastore",
	  "type": "measure"
	},
	{
	  "child": {
		"compression": "none",
		"path": "datastore",
		"type": "levelds"
	  },
	  "mountpoint": "/",
	  "prefix": "leveldb.datastore",
	  "type": "measure"
	}
  ],
  "type": "mount"
}
```

## `Discovery`
Contains options for configuring ipfs node discovery mechanisms.

- `MDNS`

> Options for multicast dns peer discovery.

Reviewer: Same here - one sentence explaining what MDNS is

# The js-ipfs config file

> The js-ipfs config file is a JSON document located in the root directory of the js-ipfs repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The js-ipfs config file is a JSON document located in the root directory of the js-ipfs repository. It is read once at node instantiation, either for an offline command, or when starting the daemon. Commands that execute on a running daemon do not read the config file at runtime.
```

## Table of Contents

- [`Addresses`](#addresses)
- [`Bootstrap`](#bootstrap)
- [`Datastore`](#datastore)
- [`Discovery`](#discovery)

> - [`Identity`](#identity)

Reviewer 2: Missing `Keychain`

> - [`Swarm`](#swarm)

Reviewer 2: Do you think it's worth listing sub-sections (just one level more) in the ToC as well?

## `Addresses`
Contains information about various listener addresses to be used by this node.

- `API`

> The IPFS daemon exposes an HTTP API that allows to control the node and

Reviewer 2: For all text in this document under a bullet point, can it please be indented appropriately so that when rendered it all lines up vertically?

Text should line up with red line:

![Screenshot 2019-07-17 at 08 45 47](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/152863/61357098-92d85c80-a86f-11e9-9263-a3b25a765f04.png)

run the same commands as you can do from the command line. It is defined
on the [HTTP API Spec](https://docs.ipfs.io/reference/api/http).

> Multiaddr describing the address to serve the local HTTP API on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Multiaddr](https://github.com/multiformats/multiaddr/) or array of [Multiaddr](https://github.com/multiformats/multiaddr/) describing the address(es) to serve the HTTP API on.
```

Default: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/5002`

- `Gateway`
A gateway is exposed by the IPFS daemon, which allows an easy way to
access content from IPFS, using an IPFS path.

> Multiaddr describing the address to serve the local gateway on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Multiaddr](https://github.com/multiformats/multiaddr/) or array of [Multiaddr](https://github.com/multiformats/multiaddr/) describing the address(es) to serve the gateway on.
```

Default: `/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/9090`

- `Swarm`

> Array of multiaddrs describing which addresses to listen on for p2p swarm connections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Array of [Multiaddr](https://github.com/multiformats/multiaddr/) describing which addresses to listen on for p2p swarm connections.
```

Default:
```json
[
  "/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/4002",
  "/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/4003/ws"
]

> ```

Reviewer 2: Missing `Delegates` refs https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/pull/2253

## `Bootstrap`

> Bootstrap is an array of multiaddrs of trusted nodes to connect to in order to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bootstrap is an array of [Multiaddr](https://github.com/multiformats/multiaddr/) of trusted nodes to connect to in order to
```

initiate a connection to the network.

## `Datastore`
Contains information related to the construction and operation of the on-disk
storage system.

- `Spec`

> Spec defines the structure of the ipfs datastore. It is a composable structure, where each datastore is represented by a json object. Datastores can wrap other datastores to provide extra functionality (eg metrics, logging, or caching).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Spec defines the structure of the IPFS datastore. It is a composable structure, where each datastore is represented by a JSON object. Datastores can wrap other datastores to provide extra functionality (e.g. metrics, logging, or caching).
```

This can be changed manually, however, if you make any changes that require a different on-disk structure, you will need to run the [ipfs-ds-convert tool](https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-ds-convert) to migrate data into the new structures.

> For more information on possible values for this configuration option, see docs/datastores.md

Reviewer 2: Does `docs/datastores.md` exist?

Author: No, I will remove that for now. I am not really familiar with the datastores side of things, and I prefer to not block this PR now, and I can get it done on a next PR.

Default:
```
{
  "mounts": [
	{
	  "child": {
		"path": "blocks",
		"shardFunc": "/repo/flatfs/shard/v1/next-to-last/2",
		"sync": true,
		"type": "flatfs"
	  },
	  "mountpoint": "/blocks",
	  "prefix": "flatfs.datastore",
	  "type": "measure"
	},
	{
	  "child": {
		"compression": "none",
		"path": "datastore",
		"type": "levelds"
	  },
	  "mountpoint": "/",
	  "prefix": "leveldb.datastore",
	  "type": "measure"
	}
  ],
  "type": "mount"
}
```

## `Discovery`

> Contains options for configuring ipfs node discovery mechanisms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Contains options for configuring IPFS node discovery mechanisms.
```

- `MDNS`

> Multicast dns is a discovery protocol that is able to find other peers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multicast DNS is a discovery protocol that is able to find other peers
```

on the local network.

> Options for multicast dns peer discovery.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Options for Multicast DNS peer discovery.
```

  - `Enabled`

> A boolean value for whether or not mdns should be active.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A boolean value for whether or not MDNS should be active.
```

Default: `true`

  -  `Interval`
A number of seconds to wait between discovery checks.

Default: `10`

- `webRTCStar`
WebRTCStar is a discovery mechanism prvided by a signalling-star that allows peer-to-peer communications in the browser.  

Options for webRTCstar peer discovery.

  - `Enabled`
A boolean value for whether or not webRTCStar should be active.

Default: `true`

## `Identity`

- `PeerID`
The unique PKI identity label for this configs peer. Set on init and never read,
its merely here for convenience. IPFS will always generate the peerID from its
keypair at runtime.

- `PrivKey`
The base64 encoded protobuf describing (and containing) the nodes private key.

## `Swarm`

Options for configuring the swarm.

### `ConnMgr`

The connection manager determines which and how many connections to keep and can be configured to keep.

> #### Basic Connection Manager

Reviewer 2: Do we need this title?

- `LowWater`
LowWater is the minimum number of connections to maintain.

- `HighWater`

> HighWater is the number of connections that, when exceeded, will trigger a connection GC operation.

Reviewer 2: Can we list defaults for these please (both in Node.js and the browser)?
